Privacy Policy for Auto Redial

Last Updated: October 2026

Vaidigitaltech ("we", "us", or "our") built the Auto Redial app (the "App") as an Ad-Supported app. This SERVICE is provided by Vaidigitaltech at no cost and is intended for use as is.

This page is used to inform visitors regarding our policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use our Service.

1. Information Collection and Use
For a better experience, while using our Service, we may require you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information. The information that we request will be retained on your device and is not collected by us in any way.

The app does use third-party services that may collect information used to identify you.
Link to the privacy policy of third-party service providers used by the app:
* Google Play Services
* AdMob

2. Required Permissions
To function properly, Auto Redial requires the following permissions:
* Phone Calling & Phone State: Required to initiate phone calls automatically and detect when a call has connected or ended. We do not record your conversations.
* Contacts: Required to allow you to easily pick phone numbers from your address book. Your contacts are not transmitted to our servers.
* Display over other apps (System Alert Window): Required to display the active redialing overlay.
* Notifications & Alarms: Required to schedule future calls and alert you of call statuses.

3. Local Data Storage (Call History)
Auto Redial stores a local history of the phone numbers you have dialed and the times you called them to provide you with a "Call History" log. This data is stored strictly locally in a database on your device (using Android Room). We do not have access to this data, and it is not uploaded to any server.

4. Log Data
We want to inform you that whenever you use our Service, in a case of an error in the app we collect data and information (through third-party products) on your phone called Log Data. This Log Data may include information such as your device Internet Protocol ("IP") address, device name, operating system version, the configuration of the app when utilizing our Service, the time and date of your use of the Service, and other statistics.

5. Security
We value your trust in providing us your Personal Information, thus we are striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. But remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and we cannot guarantee its absolute security.

6. Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.

7. Contact Us
If you have any questions or suggestions about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us.
